docs: changelog 10-11-2024 (#2281)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2024-10-11.md

---

### 10x-ing Projects on the Free Plan

![10 projects on the Neon Free Plan](/docs/relnotes/ten_projects.png)

You may have seen the announcement already &#8212; **Neon Free Plan users can now create up to 10 projects**. We hope this increase will make it easier for you to learn a new stack, build the AI-powered app you've been thinking about, ship an MVP, upgrade to the next version of Postgres, or anything else the previous limit kept you from doing. **Why did we make this change?** Read all about it here: [10x-ing our Free Plan: Everyone Gets Ten Projects](https://neon.tech/blog/10x-projects-on-free-plan).

To create a new project, navigate to the [Projects](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects) page in the Neon Console and click **New Project**.

_Please note that [Free Plan account-level allowances](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction/plans#free-plan) for compute hours, storage, and bandwidth remain unchanged._

### Drag-to-zoom monitoring graphs

We've enhanced the graphs on our **Monitoring** page to support drag-to-zoom. You can now click and drag to zoom in on a selected range.

![drag-to-zoom monitoring graphs](/docs/relnotes/drag-to-zoom.png)

> ### Don't forget to grab your ticket for Neon Deploy
> 
> Join us on **October 30th** at **10:00 AM** PT to learn how Neon helps developers ship faster with Postgres. [Get your ticket now!](https://neon.tech/deploy)

Reviewer: This part not needed - we will add to email.

```suggestion
```

  - Removed the previously deprecated `--allow-list` and `--ip-primary-only` options from the [projects update](/docs/reference/cli-projects#update) command. Operations performed by these options are supported by the [ip-allow](/docs/reference/cli-ip-allow) command.
  - Removed the previously deprecated `--primary-only` option from the [ip-allow](/docs/reference/cli-ip-allow) command. It was replaced by the [ip-allow add --protected-only](https://neon.tech/docs/reference/cli-ip-allow#add) option.
  - Updated the [project list](/docs/reference/cli-projects#list) command to output a user-friendly message when there are no projects or shared projects to display.

  To update your Neon CLI installation to the latest version, follow our [CLI upgrade instructions](/docs/reference/cli-install#upgrade).

- **Create Support Ticket modal enhancements**: We've made a few updates to the **Create support ticket** modal in the Neon Console:

  - Added a drop-down menu for selecting a personal account or organization.

>   - Added support for selecting a shared project.

Reviewer 2: I think support tickets for shared project was available already.

Author: Thank you. I'll remove it.

  - To help resolve support cases faster, the consent option to allow Neon Support staff to connect to your database is now selected by default. You can leave this option selected or deselect it when opening a support ticket.

- **Organizations and Collaborators update**: When a collaborator is added as a member of an organization, they are now automatically removed as a collaborator from projects within that organization to avoid redundancy.

- **Neon Console enhancements**: The table on the [Projects](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects) page in the Neon Console now includes an **Integrations** column that lists your project's integrations. If there are no integrations, an **Add** option takes you to the **Integrations** page where you can view available integrations.

> - **Postgres 17 wait events system view support**: Added support for the new [pg_wait_events](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/view-pg-wait-events.html) system view introduced in Postgres 17. This view reports wait event types, useful for adding descriptions to wait events reported in `pg_stat_activity`.

Author: Thank you @MMeent I'll remove this item now and save your revised version for the changelog that follows the next compute release.

- **Extension update**: Updated the `neon` extension to version 1.5 for all Postgres versions.

- **Neon API change**: The [Delete a project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/deleteproject) endpoint now returns a `404 Not Found` response instead of a `200 OK` response if the project has already been deleted. This is a potentially breaking change for applications that expect a `200 OK` response for all delete operations, regardless of whether a project was actually deleted.

- **Fixes**:
  - Fixed an issue that prevented deleting a branch with an ephemeral compute endpoint created for performing a schema diff.

>   - Fixed an issue with the GitHub integration that prevented information in the integration drawer from updating after performing an action in the drawer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the GitHub integration drawer wouldn’t update after changes were made.
```
